Gap heat flux functor material (#25114)
idaholab/moose: modules/heat_conduction/doc/content/modules/heat_conduction/index.md

- In the future an action will be added that allows setting up view-factor net radiation transfer using only a single block.

## Gap Heat Transfer

There are multiple approaches in the Heat Conduction module for modeling heat
transfer across a gap:

> - [ModularGapConductanceConstraint.md] uses the Mortar finite element method and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ModularGapConductanceConstraint.md] uses the mortar finite element method and
```

>   may be used when the gap is represented in the actual problem mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  may be used when the gap is based on the distance between mesh faces.
```

- [SideSetHeatTransferKernel.md] is an [InterfaceKernel](InterfaceKernels/index.md)
  that models heat transfer across a side set, via conduction, convection, and
  radiation.
- [ThermalContact](syntax/ThermalContact/index.md) uses a "node-on-face" approach

>   to model gap heat transfer and may be used when the gap is represented by
>   the mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  to model gap heat transfer and may be used when the gap is based on
  the distance between mesh faces.
```

- [CylindricalGapHeatFluxFunctorMaterial.md] is a [FunctorMaterial](FunctorMaterials/index.md)
  that computes heat fluxes across a cylindrical gap, where the gap thickness

>   is provided via radii functors rather than taken from the actual mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is provided via radii functors rather than taken from mesh information.
```
